Hey everyone. In the interest of keeping you all informed, we have three key deliverables due in one week. ​Project Diary Plan Presentation Requirements Specification They are all due on Monday 20th.  This date marks a major project milestone for the following reasons: ​The above deliverables represent 15% of our total possible mark The above deliverables set a weak upper bound for our overall mark.  Read that point again and ponder for a moment. I have attached our requirements specification as it stands.  Jim is working on our non-functional requirements which have yet to be added to the document. Further, there are three key parts missing ​Risks and risk management <-- I will do these Because our target audience includes secondary students, we need to address certain criteria in accordance with keeping an Australian Classification Board rating of G. <-- Perhaps best suited to Jim? Should nots. Though we discussed them, we as yet don't have anything listed that our application should not do or conform to. There is one further thing we all need to be careful of.  Our system architecture is a combination of MVC, and state driven design.  Although there is very little documentation out there on the latter, it's arguably the best way to approach our project -it's the way RGP games are designed ...you know the ones where you spend as much time in the menu equipping items as you do running around the dungeons?  It's how Dwarf Fortress is programmed.  The thing is, we can't really sight these as examples. Please take a look over my drawing of the application structure in the requirements documentation.  If you have any questions, or can offer a solution on how to better represent it, let us all know! Perhaps Gene can point us in the right direction there? Finally some housekeeping. Update your personal diaries after today's work! Pete, can you work on a group diary for us please? I really want this these tasks finished before next Friday so we can work on the presentation and nothing else.  If we manage our time properly ...as we have been doing ...we won't need to spend any nights in the lab! Thanks again everyone, Ben :)